main element in html 
Section element in html

in case of styling with html only without using any css files 
we can do that by using the style attribute present in the html
ex - <h1 style="text-align:center">
NIGGA CHAN </h1>
style is the attribute text-align is the css property 
center is the value 


The div element is used mainly for design layout purposes unlike the other content elements you have used so far


/* Below steps help to center a div element within the body element  */
  margin-left: auto;
  margin-right: auto;



  So far you have been using type selectors to style elements. A class selector is defined by a name with a dot directly in front of it, like this:

.class-name {
  styles
}

To apply the class's styling to the div element, add a class attribute to the div element's opening tag and set its value to menu.


There are two types of selectors one is name of the element type selector and another one is class selector
name of the element type selector 
ex - body{
  styling 
}

class selectors start with . 

class selector
Ex - 
.menu{
  styling 
}

article elements commonly contain multiple elements that have related information. In this case, it will contain a coffee flavor and a price for that flavor

That is kind of what you want,
 but now it would be nice if the flavor and price were on the same line.
  p elements are block-level elements, so they take up the entire width of their parent element.

  Inline block css value in display (css property)




That's closer, but the price didn't stay over on the right.
 This is because inline-block elements only take up the width of their content.

 To spread them out, add a width property to the flavor and price class selectors that have a value of 50% each.

 Well that did not work. 
 Styling the p elements as inline-block and placing them on separate lines in the code creates an extra space to the right of the first p element,
  causing the second one to shift to the next line. One way to fix this is to make each p element's width a little less than 50%.

to style the flavor and the price p elements to the left and right extremes 
respectively then we have to place the p elements side by side without any space 
then in the css class property of flavor and price we need to change the width to 50% each and then it will work 


If you make the width of the page preview smaller, you will notice at some point, some of the text on the left starts wrapping around to the next line. This is because the width of the p elements on the left side can only take up 50% of the space.

Since you know the prices on the right have significantly fewer characters, change the flavor class width value to be 75% and the price class width value to be 25%.

Step 51
Something does not look right.
 You added the correct class attribute value to the p element with Donut as its text,
  but you have not defined a selector for it.

The CSS rule for the flavor class already sets the properties you want.
 Add the dessert class as an additional selector for this CSS rule.


Step 53:

 You can give your menu some space between the content and the sides with various padding properties.

Give the menu class a padding-left and a padding-right with the same value 20px.

Step 55
Since all 4 sides of the menu have the same internal spacing, 
go ahead and delete the four properties and use a single padding property with the value 20px.

Step 56
The current width of the menu will always take up 80% of the body element's width. On a very wide screen, the coffee and dessert appear far apart from their prices.

Add a max-width property to the menu class with a value of 500px to prevent it from growing too wide.

Step 57 
We can change the font of the body by changing the font-family inside the css 

Step 59
Fallbacks are used in instances where the initial is not found/available.

Add the fallback font serif after the Impact font.

Step 62 
The typography of heading elements (e.g. h1, h2) is set by default values of users' browsers.
We can change the font size by using the CSS property font-size

Step 67 
The default properties of an hr element will make it appear as a thin light grey line. You can change the height of the line by specifying a value for the height property.

Step 69
Notice the grey color along the edges of the line. Those edges are known as borders. Each side of an element can have a different color or they can all be the same.

Make all the edges of the hr element the same color as the background of it using the border-color property.

Step 70 
Notice how the thickness of the line looks bigger? The default value of a property named border-width is 1px for all edges of hr elements. By changing the border to the same color as the background, the total height of the line is 5px (3px plus the top and bottom border width of 1px).


Step 73 
Focusing on the menu items and prices, there is a fairly large gap between each line.

Target all the p elements nested in elements with the class named item and set their top and bottom margin to be 5px.

Step 79 
The default color of a link that has not yet been clicked on is typically blue. The default color of a link that has already been visited from a page is typically purple.