Step 8Passed
The vh unit stands for viewport height, and is relative to 1% of the height of the viewport.

It is time to spruce the project up with some CSS. Begin by giving the body a width of 100%, and a height of 100vh.

the viewport is the user's visible area of a web page of a website that the user is present on 

point 
CSS Margins
The CSS margin properties are used to create space around elements, outside of any defined borders.

Question : 
what happens when we set margin attribute in body rule to be 100% or 0 

block and inline elements are different 
in case of block elements they take up the whole area or size of that plane or webpage 
by default the browser gives bottom and top margins 

and in case of inline elements -- they take only the necessary size of the plane or webpage 
no margin by default 

Step 19 : 
label element --> signifies the text for anything special 
ex - input button or any input space area 

for attribute in label element --> signifies the context of the value 

input element--> takes in the input as a form of many different things 
like text email password blah blah 

type attribute in input element --> specifies the type of content inside the input box

id attribute in input element --> signifies the id by which it will be identified 

Step 23Passed
With type="password" you can use the pattern attribute to define a regular expression that the password must match to be considered valid.

Add a pattern attribute to the password input element to require the input match: [a-z0-5]{8,}

The above is a regular expression which matches eight or more lowercase letters or the digits 0 to 5. Then, remove the minlength attribute, and try it out.

Step 28Passed
You only want one radio input to be selectable at a time. However, the form does not know the radio inputs are related.

To relate the radio inputs, give them the same name attribute with a value of account-type. Now, it is not possible to select both radio inputs at the same time.

Step 36Passed
Submitting the form with an option selected would not send a useful value to the server. As such, each option needs to be given a value attribute. Without which, the text content of the option will be submitted to the server.

Give the first option a value of "", and the subsequent option elements value attributes from 1 to 4.

Step 37 
Users will be able to register with a bio. Add a label with the text Provide a bio: at the end of the fieldset. Add a textarea element inside the label element. Note that the textarea requires a closing tag.

Remember : 
input element contains id attribute --< used for identification 
label element contains for attribute --> used as finding out for which purpose it is used 


 The placeholder accepts a text value, which is displayed until the user starts typing.

 font family for changing the font 
 font size for changing the size of the font 

 for alignment of text use text-align attribute

 margin : 1em auto means top botoom 1em and right left auto 

 Each fieldset has by default borders 
 so to remove the border so that we need to define a css rule

padding - the space between the element's content and the border is known as padding 
even if their is no border the space will be present 

Step 47Passed

The border of the last fieldset element looks a little out of place. You can select the last element of a specific type using the last-of-type CSS pseudo-class, like this:

p:last-of-type { }
That will select the last p element. Create a new selector that targets the last fieldset element and set its border-bottom to none.

Step 48 
make the input select and textarea elements
full width to that of their parent element 
and also make margin top 10px 

Step 49Passed
For the second fieldset, you want the input and label text to appear on the same line.

Start, by giving the input elements in the second fieldset a class of inline.

Step 56Passed
To style the submit button, you can use an attribute selector, which selects an element based on the given attribute value. Here is an example:

input[name="password"]
The above selects input elements with a name attribute value of password.

Now, use the attribute selector to style the submit button with a display of block, and a width of 60%.


Step 57Passed
With a display of block the submit button sits flush against the left edge of its parent.

Use the same technique used to center the form to center the submit button.


Step 61Passed
Most browsers inject their own default CSS properties and values for different elements. If you look closely, you might be able to notice the file input is smaller than the other text input elements. By default, a padding of 1px 2px is given to input elements you can type in.

Using another attribute selector, style the input with a type of file to be the same padding as the other input elements.

Step 62Passed
Speaking of padding, the submit button is sitting at the bottom of the form element. Add 2em of padding only to the bottom of the form.